resistance with my hand to let the paper
kind of come up a little bit see that
wasn't dry probably shoot them at kappa
so it you can see that it's i don't know
if you can see the shadow that it's done
and i did a horrible job because my hand
was right there oh my god that's
whatever but hey here's what happened
and well this is dry already no way yep
so it tag it tag I mean it's
everybody go ahead sing look now now I'm
really messing up it does get stuck that
way every well but you do your videos
and we make these albums you know one
preserve our memories but when we go
through them it's like well we can't put
the tags back in because it takes too
long and once they get stuck and we're
gonna make a fool of ourselves and
better president a lot I criticize
myself a lot if you can't tell so
anyways it makes it much much much
easier to get your tag in and out of so
jus dey r EK o work i got stuff all over
that might even let you see it for
longer there tag so this obviously i can
actually do something with this this
might be a really good idea ok I'd like
for something to set up on my desk like
that you see ya I'll keep it up man I'm
glad I did that thanks guys um ok so
that was the two techniques there what
I'll do is I'll pop things up and i hope
i wrote this direction right if I die no
I'm trying to go anymore so here you go
if you need to call it take note there
you go the trifold flap AKA three-page
spread I was so terrible ok and then the
easy put
tag pocket I couldn't figure out what to
call it but we want to put our tags and
easy right so easy put tag pocket to
play i crack myself up sorry um okay
pause it if you need to check that out
it's little direction I apologize um I'm
in a really weird mood tonight no I had
a really good day at work um don't think
why i think i actually just went over
into another video I apologize let me
show off something really quick some
other cool stuff that I got today Oh
where's it go I'm so sorry guys damn
holy cow i'm excited okay whitepapers
evening senior Michaels how'd it go to
michaels on my lunch break like i always
do oh my gosh i pay their bills I think
um beautiful Christmas paint look I
don't really done very much Christmas
scrapbooking but I mean the inspiration
that's out there is amazing from you
guys and um all any products that are
coming out the paper damn the design
everybody who helps develop this stuff I
mean it's amazing stuff and I'm so glad
and thankful for everyone who allow
makes this to allow me to be so creative
with with my artwork so he's actually
came in a set up to I used to coupon
they were I think 1299 used a coupon for
forty percent off and then these which
are the recollections which is the
Michaels Brandon and I apologize if
there's a clearing around and see that
ok um 699 well I use your coupon own
needs as well i usually don't buy
anything unless it's on sale or if i
have a coupon so very rarely do I ever
get anything without getting on for you
guys just touch the sensor so
I try to watch my wall as best I can
anyways Christmas stuff coming from me
soon I've still got to decide what paper
line I want to go with or paper line
salad shall I say um saw some stuff but
I still want to look online and get some
more idea so um again sorry for taking
up so much of your time I hope this
video was helpful you guys have any
questions or comments do not hesitate um
shoot me a message or leave me a comment
and I will get back as soon as I can um
you guys happy scrapping have a great
night